Benchmarking via test vectors (#280)
filecoin-project/ref-fvm: README.md

  - IPLD libraries. Some of which are based on, and adapted from, the [Forest](https://github.com/ChainSafe/forest) implementation.
- `/examples`
  - A directory eventually containing actor examples.

> - '/testing'
>   - A directory containing a submodule of test vectors to check behavior against `specs-actors`, along with a test runner and a benchmark runner using the `criterion` rust library.
>   - To run a specific test vector, run `VECTOR=test-vectors/corpus/specs_actors_v6/REST_OF_TEST_VECTOR.json cargo test -- conformance --nocapture`
>   - To bench a specific test vector, run `VECTOR=test-vectors/corpus/specs_actors_v6/REST_OF_TEST_VECTOR.json cargo bench -- conformance --nocapture`
>   - To bench the system's overhead for a given test vector's machine setup (which one shouldn't matter much), run `VECTOR=test-vectors/corpus/specs_actors_v6/REST_OF_TEST_VECTOR.json cargo bench -- overhead --nocapture`
>     - This includes two overhead tests. `bench_no_messages` is the overhead of running the benchmark itself, it doesn't send any messages to the FVM to process. `
>     - The other is `bench_500_noops`- it checks the overhead of calling the `pubkey_address` method on an account actor 500 times- this is the most lightweight message possible to send.
>   - Benchmarks are currently very slow to run- setup and teardown for one trial takes forever! This is due to using default WASM cache, and will be fixed soon.
>   - To get a perf flamegraph, run `CARGO_PROFILE_BENCH_DEBUG=true VECTOR=testing/conformance/test-vectors/corpus/specs_actors_v6/REST_OF_TEST_VECTOR.json  cargo flamegraph --bench bench_conformance -- --nocapture`. The output SVG will be in `flamegraph.svg`.

Reviewer: Restructured and edited for clarity.

```suggestion
- `/testing/conformance`
  - Contains the test vector runner, as well as benchmarking utilities on top of it.
  - The conformance test runner feeds the test vector corpus located at https://github.com/filecoin-project/fvm-test-vectors into ref-fvm, in order to validate spec conformance.
  - The benchmarking utilities use the `criterion` Rust library to measure the performance and overhead of ref-fvm across various facets.
  - Instructions
    - To run a specific test vector, run `VECTOR=test-vectors/corpus/specs_actors_v6/REST_OF_TEST_VECTOR.json cargo test -- conformance --nocapture`
    - To bench a specific test vector, run `VECTOR=test-vectors/corpus/specs_actors_v6/REST_OF_TEST_VECTOR.json cargo bench -- conformance --nocapture`
    - To bench the system's overhead for the setup of the machine for a given test vector, run `VECTOR=test-vectors/corpus/specs_actors_v6/REST_OF_TEST_VECTOR.json cargo bench -- overhead --nocapture`. Note that the vector choice doesn't matter much, because the Machine initialization procedure is identicall for all vectors.
    - To get a perf flamegraph, run `CARGO_PROFILE_BENCH_DEBUG=true VECTOR=testing/conformance/test-vectors/corpus/specs_actors_v6/REST_OF_TEST_VECTOR.json  cargo flamegraph --bench bench_conformance -- --nocapture`. The output SVG will be in `flamegraph.svg`.
  - Overhead measurement scenarios. There are two overhead measurement scenarios included.
    1. `bench_no_messages`: measure the overhead of running the benchmark itself, it doesn't send any messages to the FVM to process.
    2. `bench_500_noops`: measures the overhead of calling the `pubkey_address` method on an account actor 500 times, this is the most lightweight message possible to send that actually executes actor logic (unlike a bare send).
  - Disclaimers
    - Benchmarks are currently very slow to run, setup and teardown. This is due to using default WASM cache, and will be fixed soon.
```
